# TeenageWeb

I have a very sentimental attachment to _The Teenage Web_. That era of the Internet when
people were starting to get high-speed connections to their homes, when Facebook and
Twitter were just getting started, when choosing which email service you wanted to use was
a serious life decision, and when tools like jQuery, MooTools, and Prototype rained supreme.
When having an iPod touch made you feel like the coolest kid ever, because your friends
couldn't really tell the difference between it and an iPhone.

I'd define _The Teenage Web_ to be from about 2004 until around 2011. Now, by the year
2004, the Internet was hardly a literal teenager. With the conscencous being this it was
born in 1983, it was well into its 20's by the time I'm refering to. and if the above
description sounds like it's coming from a pretty specific perspective, it is. This period
of time is when I myself was coming into teenager-dom, and additionally when I first
started learning to program. The Internet still had a lose, somewhat chaotic, feel, but
was growing and maturing incredibly quickly. The web by now, has hit maturity, and I think
it's a version of maturity that many of us are not incredibly happy with. Nearly every
website you visit will prompt you to allow cookies to track you, and advertise to you, or
will download lots of code, and large images, or will ask you to allow it to notify you, or
will ask you to provide it with your location, or will immediately bombard you with a
dialog to sign up for some news letter, or require you to create an account or sign in to
use anything more than the most basic functionality, or in some cases even to use the site
at all. Even many basic websites will ask you to sign up for their premium version,
(whatever the branding for it may be) on top of tracking you and selling the information
they gather. It's a mess.

The web used to be fun. It used to be open, accessable, and for everyone. I miss the days
when everyone was just vibing, having a good time, experimenting and trying to push the
limits of the technology for good, not evil.
